        1. List three data sources Power BI can connect to.
 Excel files
 SQL Server databases
 SharePoint lists

        2. What is the first step to import data into Power BI Desktop?
 Click “Get Data” on the Home tab, then choose your data source.

        3. How do you refresh imported data in Power BI?
 Click the “Refresh” button on the Home tab. It pulls in the latest data from the source.

        4. What file formats can Power BI import directly? (Name two.)
 .xlsx (Excel)
 .csv (Comma-separated values)

        5. What does the "Navigator" window show after selecting a data source?
 It shows the tables or sheets in the file or database, and a preview of the data inside them.

        7. How would you change OrderDate to a date format during import?
 In Power Query, select the OrderDate column → go to the top menu and choose Data Type → Date.

        8. What is the difference between "Load" and "Transform Data" in the import dialog?
 Load: imports the data as it is
 Transform Data: opens Power Query so you can clean or change the data before loading it

        9. Why might you see an error when connecting to a SQL database? (Name one reason.)
 If you don’t have permission or if the server name is wrong, you’ll get an error.

        10. How do you replace a data source after importing it?
 Go to Transform Data, then to Data Source Settings, then click Change Source and pick the new file or database.

       11. Write the M-code to import only rows where Quantity > 1.
 = Table.SelectRows(Source, each [Quantity] > 1)
          
        12. How would you change the data source if Sales_Data.csv changed?
 Go to Transform Data → Data Source Settings, find the file, and click Change Source to pick the updated CSV.

        13. Troubleshoot: Your CSV import fails due to a "mixed data type" error—how do you fix it?
 In Power Query, change the column’s data type manually, or remove rows that have incorrect values.

        14. Connect to a live SQL database with parameters (e.g., filter by year).
 In Power Query, create a parameter for the year → use it in a SQL query or a filter step to limit data to just that year.

        15. How would you automate data imports using Power BI and Power Automate?
 You can use Power Automate to trigger a data refresh in Power BI, for example, every day or after a file is updated.
